I'll take this skirt.
Miss Shen, I'm really sorry.
This dress has been bought by this lady.
We have other new models in our store for the season.
Why not you?
I'll take it.
Please deal with it quickly.
I'm in a hurry.
I heard that the VIP of your store
Customers have the right of first refusal
So do you need me to call your manager?
Ah ok Miss Shen
I'll wrap the skirt for you right now.
Count you realize
Even if you are a VIP customer
Also pay attention to first come first served
This dress is what I like about you first
Your monthly salary
Do you have enough for a fraction of this dress?
Anyway
Why don't you replace your sleazy miscellaneous brand first?
Whether I can afford it or not is my business
But if you're not being reasonable
Then call the manager.
Do you think this is your home?
Call whoever you want
Kick him out
The sad Miss Shen
I'll drive him away
Let go, I advise you to leave quickly
Or I'll call security
Zhao Yun, right?
I'll call now to complain.
Ouch, do you think I'm afraid of you?
Security, there's a disturbance here
Miss Shen, I'm sorry.
Please wait here for a while.
I don't want to wait 100,000
Drive him away now
Okay, Miss Shen, dare you touch me?
Stop me